Update caddy to v2.2.1 (#207)
stefanprodan/dockprom: README.md

git clone https://github.com/stefanprodan/dockprom
cd dockprom

ADMIN_USER=admin ADMIN_PASSWORD=JDJhJDE0JGpTcjZTMlBLTXZsd1VTcXI0endCanVzUHdUY1RLenU5U1VVcHVhQUZUWkNjREpqa3ljdDZD docker-compose up -d
```

> ***Caddy configuration does not accept plaintext passwords; It MUST be a hash value. Hashed password is admin'***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Caddy configuration does not accept plain text passwords; It MUST be a hash value. The above hashed password is 'admin'***
```

    labels:
      org.label-schema.group: "monitoring"
```
## Updating Caddy to v2

> Perform a `docker exec -it caddy caddy hash-password` in order to generate a hash for your new password. Don't forget to update `ADMIN_PASSWORD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform a `docker run --rm caddy caddy hash-password --plaintext 'ADMIN_PASSWORD'` in order to generate a hash for your new password.
Ensure that you replace `ADMIN_PASSWORD` with your actual password and update the reference in the `docker-compose.yml` for the caddy container.
```

Your example assumes the user has a running a container named `caddy`.
This will allow a user to generate their password non-interactively too.
